[WIP] What is QChem (#584)
PennyLaneAI/qml: whatisqchem.rst

> .. role:: html(raw)

Author: Nope! Good point. Will stick it somewhere 👀

> .. role:: html(raw)

Reviewer: We're still missing the image, right? The structure should be consistent with the other two pages, so it would really be helpful if you could do that, @isaacdevlugt . If you can't, please tell me and I'll take over.

   :format: html

What is Quantum Chemistry?
==========================

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Quantum chemistry is a research area focused on addressing classically intractable chemistry problems with quantum computing.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/whatisqchem/quantum_chemistry.svg

Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on **calculating properties of molecules, and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics**. 
As an application of quantum computing, it is paramount to the commercial adoption of quantum computers, because the task of simulating various properties of
matter is a ubiquitous task in many industries.

> Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground-state energy of a Hamiltonian, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential quantum computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground-state energy of a molecule, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential quantum computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.
```

Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature better than classical computers can, with resources scaling as the size of the target system, rather than exponentially. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially costly methods.

Quantum chemistry is the leading quantum computing application 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/computational_quantum_chemistry.svg
    :align: left
    :width: 42%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Understanding the quantum properties of materials is of growing importance in a wide range of industries. As a result, quantum chemistry is viewed as the **leading candidate for a practical application of quantum computing**. Current quantum devices are small, and are therefore limited to efficiently simulating *small systems*.

> Hence, there is a push to develop **scalable algorithms** that will work on larger devices, which we expect to become available as current hardware limitations pass. Progress in this direction is being made in earnest with the ability to	`simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>`_, `optimize molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>`_, and `retrieve low-energy states <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_ of small molecules to a high precision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hence, there is a push to develop **scalable algorithms** that will work on larger devices, which we expect to become
available as current hardware limitations pass. Progress in this direction is being made in earnest with the ability to
`simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>`_, `optimize
molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>`_, and `retrieve low-energy states
<https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_ of small molecules to a high precision.
```

Reviewer 2: (noticed there was an extraneous EOL tab character; took the liberty to break up the paragraph while I was at it)

Leveraging quantum machine learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/QChem_circuit.svg
    :align: right
    :width: 63%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Many quantum chemistry algorithms require *optimization* as a critical step; an algorithm 

> may contain parameters that must be fine-tuned for a specific application. What we know about 
> optimization algorithms within quantum computing falls back on another area of research 

Author: ```suggestion
may contain parameters that must be fine-tuned for a specific application. What we know about 
optimizing quantum algorithms falls back on another area of research 
```

> within quantum computing: quantum machine learning (QML).

Author: See above

The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable
techniques for the simulation of matter. Inversely, a staple quantum chemistry algorithm called 
the `variational quantum eigensolver (VQE) <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_
has led to invaluable discoveries in QML, like
`barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, 
`quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`, 
and 
`hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_`, 
all of which are also relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms.

PennyLane for quantum chemistry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PennyLane is an **open-source software framework built around the concept of quantum differentiable programming**. 
Within PennyLane, the quantum chemistry module gives users the power to implement and develop state-of-the-art 
quantum chemistry algorithms.

To find out more, visit the `PennyLane Documentation <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io>`_, or

> check out the gallery of hands-on :doc:`quantum chemistry demonstrations <demonstrations>`.

Author: Good point!

> check out the gallery of hands-on :doc:`quantum chemistry demonstrations <demonstrations>`.

Author: ```suggestion
check out the gallery of hands-on :doc:`quantum chemistry demonstrations <demos_quantum-chemistry>`.
```

> .. role:: html(raw)

Reviewer 3: if we could rename the file name to `what-is-quantum-chemistry.rst` as per product requirements [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12TTsdBTTBoJ9aYi2NgMnDct_5Sxa7k-K2Xo7fbUAjqY/edit).

   :format: html

> What is Quantum Chemistry?

Reviewer 2: Overall, this page has fewer bold phrases to catch the eye of someone skimming, compared to QML and QC pages. Anything more that makes sense to have stand out?

Author: Made some minor tweaks here and there. Let me know how you feel about them!

==========================

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Quantum chemistry is a research area focused on addressing classically intractable chemistry problems with quantum computing.
   :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/whatisqchem/quantum_chemistry.svg

Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on **calculating properties of molecules, and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics**. 
As an application of quantum computing, it is paramount to the commercial adoption of quantum computers, because the task of simulating various properties of
matter is a ubiquitous task in many industries.

> Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground state energy of a Hamiltonian, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground-state energy of a Hamiltonian, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.
```

> Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground-state energy of a Hamiltonian, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
Research stemming from quantum chemistry could be used to calculate the time evolution of a complex system, estimate the ground-state energy of a Hamiltonian, or determine the electronic band structure of an exotic material, all of which go *beyond classical physics*. Since quantum computers are also quantum-mechanical, they offer a potential quantum computational advantage in simulating the quantum properties of matter. It is also possible that we can exploit quantum computers to learn new classical methods, using techniques such as `quantum machine learning <https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html>`_.
```

Author: Maybe this can be made more bold? Just going off of @co9olguy's comment above

Nature is quantum-mechanical
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/quantum_chemistry.svg

Reviewer 2: Nice image. Is the potato meant to be a cell/bacteria/microbe?

If so, that might be a scale that is a bit too large for a QM-description to be relevant (so the image would be potentially misrepresentative). Would be better if this was a molecule (could be a large one, e.g., dozens-hundreds of atoms).

Reviewer: The idea was just to have a potato, to represent 'natural materials' in a cartoony way. I'll ask Tarik to make an alternative, thanks.

Author: 🥔

    :align: right
    :width: 42%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Richard Feynman famously said that "Nature isn't classical, dammit, and if you want to make a simulation of nature, you'd better make it quantum mechanical." To simulate a general quantum system on a classical computer, the available resources need to *scale exponentially* with the size of the system. Therefore, a classical computer cannot efficiently simulate a general quantum system.

> Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature efficiently, with resources scaling as the size of the target system. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially-costly methods.

Author: trying to be more bold here as well 

```suggestion
Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature better than classical computers can, with resources scaling as the size of the target system rather than exponential. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially-costly methods.
```

Quantum chemistry is the leading quantum computing application 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/computational_quantum_chemistry.svg

Reviewer 2: Great image :nerd_face:

    :align: left
    :width: 42%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

> Understanding the quantum properties of materials is of growing importance in a wide range of industries. As a result, quantum chemistry is viewed as the **leading candidate for a practical application of quantum computing**. Current quantum devices are small, and are therefore limited to *small systems*, even if they simulate them efficiently.

Reviewer 2: found the use of the two pronounrs "they" and "them" so close together to be a bit unclear. I believe the first one is for "current quantum devices" and second one is for "small systems"? Any way to rephrase to avoid potential confusion?

Author: ```suggestion
Understanding the quantum properties of materials is of growing importance in a wide range of industries. As a result, quantum chemistry is viewed as the **leading candidate for a practical application of quantum computing**. Current quantum devices are small, and are therefore limited to efficiently simulating *small systems*.
```

> Hence, there is a push to develop **scalable algorithms** that will work on larger devices, which we expect to become available as current hardware limitations pass. Progress in this direction is being made in earnest with the ability to	`simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>`_, `optimize molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>`_, and `retrieve low-energy states <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_ of small molecules to a high precision.

Reviewer 2: Slight overflow/wraparound at end of text. Would be good to make small adjustments to image size or text to prevent this overflow
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7213358/208164472-84072b51-fd60-4dd4-9a26-482be6a549b1.png)

Quantum machine learning for quantum chemistry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/QChem_circuit.svg

Reviewer 2: very cool image :100:

    :align: right
    :width: 63%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Many quantum chemistry algorithms require *optimization* as a critical step; an algorithm may contain parameters that must be 
fine-tuned for a specific application. What we know about optimization algorithms within quantum computing falls back on 

> another area of research within quantum computing; quantum machine learning (QML).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
another area of research within quantum computing: quantum machine learning (QML).
```

> Generally, QML algorithms are a non-trivial topic. Luckily, we are still able to transfer concepts from QML to quantum 

Reviewer 2: This short paragraph could do better imo.

> Generally, QML algorithms are a non-trivial topic.
Why say/mention this? It doesn't seem to add info relevant to the stated topic of quantum chemistry

> Luckily, we are still able to transfer concepts from QML to quantum chemistry algorithms like the variational quantum eigensolver.

This is the natural link to make here, but I think it gets the causality backwards. One could argue that VQE was among the first (the first?) algorithm that kicked off modern thinking on QML. Would be good to rephrase things here, because it gives the (incorrect) sense that QML was its own field and someone took ideas from there to arrive at VQE. So focus instead on the idea that quantum chemistry and QML have a mutually symbiotic relationship

chemistry algorithms like the `variational quantum eigensolver <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>`_.

> Quantum chemistry for quantum machine learning

Reviewer 2: I feel like there is a single coherent story to tell between these two subsections. I actually wasn't able to discern what distinction was being made between the two. Recommend merging into one section (though both images are :kissing::ok_hand:)

Author: These sections were originally just one section:

From https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/pull/584/commits/c68a17970611a7143a2b80683b08914c3e0733a0

```
Many quantum chemistry algorithms require *optimization* as a critical step; an algorithm may contain parameters that must be 
fine-tuned for a specific application. Optimization within quantum computing is a non-trivial topic, 
but luckily we can transfer concepts from quantum machine learning or **QML**, another research area within quantum computing.

The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable techniques for the simulation of
matter. Applying such techniques to trainable quantum circuits has led to invaluable discoveries, like `barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, `quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`, and `hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_`, all of which are relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms.
```

Author: I can't make a proper suggestion here because of the comments, but the `Quantum machine learning for quantum chemistry` and `Quantum chemistry for quantum machine learning` sections would be merged into:

```
Leveraging quantum machine learning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Many quantum chemistry algorithms require *optimization* as a critical step; an algorithm may contain parameters that must be 
fine-tuned for a specific application. Optimization within quantum computing is a non-trivial topic, but luckily we can transfer 
concepts from quantum machine learning or **QML**, another research area within quantum computing.

The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable techniques for the simulation of
matter. Applying such techniques to trainable quantum circuits has led to invaluable discoveries, like
`barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, 
`quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`, 
and 
`hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_`, 
all of which are relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms.
```

Author: @ikurecic you ok with this?

.. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

What is Quantum Chemistry?
==========================

.. meta::
   :property="og:description": Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on addressing classically intractable chemistry problems with quantum computing.
   :property="og:image": 

> Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on addressing classically intractable chemistry problems with 
> quantum computing. It is paramount to the commercial adoption of quantum computing, as simulating properties of
> matter is a ubiquitous task in many industries.

Author: Good point! I still like having the last sentence though. How about this? ⬇️ 

```suggestion
Quantum chemistry is an area of research focused on calculating properties of molecules, and the materials built out of them, using quantum mechanics. As an application of quantum computing, it is paramount to the commercial adoption of quantum computers, as simulating properties of
matter is a ubiquitous task in many industries.
```

Traditional methods for simulating the properties of matter are hindered, in some way, by representational capacity. 
Tried-and-true methods like Density Functional Theory (DFT) don't provide an obvious path forward for improving 
accuracy, while methods that are based on wave function approximations are limited to very small systems. By 
simulating properties of matter on quantum computers, we hope to alleviate both of these pain points in the near-term 

> and long-term.

Reviewer 4: Ooh, nice catch!

> and long-term.

Reviewer 4: I can remove the sentence "as such..." since we have the earlier sentence about commercial adoption?

Nature is quantum mechanical
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Author: hahaha I love any reference to potatoes 🥔

    :align: right
    :width: 45%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

> Classical computers are simply not able to simulate general quantum systems efficiently due to the computational 
> complexity of nature. Richard Feynman famously said that "If you want to make a simulation of nature, you'd better make 
> it quantum mechanical..."

Reviewer 4: Haha, love the Feynman quote. Why not include the whole thing! Also, maybe we should avoid using the phrase "computational complexity", since I gather you intend this informally but might be confusing to those who have seen it in a formal context. Perhaps:

```suggestion
Richard Feynman famously said that "Nature isn't classical, dammit, and if you want to make a simulation of nature, you'd better make it quantum mechanical." To simulate a general quantum system on a classical computer, we need to store values for every basis state. The resources needed scale exponentially, so a classical system cannot efficiently simulate a quantum one.
```

Author: Not sure we should include "dammit" lol 😆 that's why I left the first half out.

Reviewer 4: Hmm, that's true. I don't want to take it out since it's so Feynman and adds a bit of colour! But if you're okay leaving it in, we can see whether subsequent reviewers are upset 😅

> **Nature is quantum, which is why using quantum computers as a simulation platform will enable us to simulate nature
> efficiently.** We can leverage the physical laws of nature to tell us its secrets.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature efficiently, with resources scaling as the size of the target system. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially-costly methods.
```

Author: Love it!

Quantum chemistry is the leading quantum computing application 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Author: I dig it

    :align: left
    :width: 60%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

> Current devices limit our simulations to small molecules, but demonstrating quantum chemistry's use cases
> on small systems only increases the appeal for quantum computing applications when hardware size constraints 
> inevitably pass.
> 
> The omnipresent nature of simulating properties of materials in many industries means that quantum chemistry
> is viewed as the leading candidate for applications of quantum computing.
> As such, effort is being put into designing scalable algorithms that can be run on current devices.
> This is proceeding in earnest, with the ability to 
> `simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>_`, 
> `optimize molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>_`, and 
> `retrieve low-energy states <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>_` 
> of small molecules to a high-precision.

Reviewer 4: Suggest we rearrange things to emphasize applications first, then discuss size/hardware/scalability:

```suggestion
Quantum properties of materials are of growing importance in a wide range of industries. As a result, quantum chemistry is viewed as the leading candidate for a practical application of quantum computing. Current quantum devices are small, and therefore limited to small systems even if they simulate efficiently. Hence, there is a push to develop scalable algorithms which will work on the larger devices which we expect to become available as current hardware limitations pass.
Progress in this direction includes the ability 
`simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>_`, 
`optimize molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>_`, and 
`retrieve low-energy states <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>_` 
of small molecules to a high-precision.
```

Author: Yeah looks good to me! Couple things ⬇️ 

```suggestion
Understanding the quantum properties of materials are of growing importance in a wide range of industries. As a result, quantum chemistry is viewed as the leading candidate for a practical application of quantum computing. Current quantum devices are small, and are therefore limited to small systems even if they simulate them efficiently. Hence, there is a push to develop scalable algorithms that will work on larger devices which we expect to become available as current hardware limitations pass.
Progress in this direction is being made in earnest with the ability to
	`simulate chemical reactions <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions.html>_`, 
	`optimize molecular geometries <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_mol_geo_opt.html>_`, and 
	`retrieve low-energy states <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_vqe.html>_` 
	of small molecules to a high precision.
```

> Leverage Quantum Machine Learning

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Leveraging Quantum Machine Learning
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Author: Hmm... might look weird when compiled since the images are so similar.

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Reviewer 4: Fair. What about we get rid of the computer, and just have the circuit "dreaming up" the molecule?

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Author: Yeah that should work!

> .. image:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Reviewer 4: E.g.

<img width="244" alt="Screen Shot 2022-10-25 at 3 17 41 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/113920759/197862406-df61e35f-499c-47d9-b634-c072b758860b.png">

    :align: right
    :width: 55%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Many quantum chemistry algorithms require optimization as a step; an algorithm may contain parameters that must be 
fine-tuned for a specific application. Optimization within quantum computing is a non-trivial topic, 
but luckily we can transfer concepts from quantum machine learning (QML), another research area of quantum computing.

The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable techniques for simulating
matter. Applying such techniques to trainable quantum circuits has led to invaluable discoveries, like 
`barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, 
`quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`,
and `hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_`, 

> all of which are relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms. 

Author: Hmm... Not sure I'm that enticed

> Many quantum chemistry algorithms require optimization as a step; an algorithm may contain parameters that must be 
> fine-tuned for a specific application. Optimization within quantum computing is a non-trivial topic, 
> but luckily we can transfer concepts from quantum machine learning (QML), another research area of quantum computing.
> 
> The advent of machine learning in the physical sciences has spurred countless generalizable techniques for simulating
> matter. Applying such techniques to trainable quantum circuits has led to invaluable discoveries, like 
> `barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, 
> `quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`,
> and `hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_`, 
> all of which are relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms. 

Author: ```suggestion
Many algorithms in quantum chemistry involve an optimization step, where the algorithm contains a *parameterized* quantum circuit whose parameters must be fine-tuned for the application at hand.
Although optimizing quantum circuits is non-trivial in general, we can leverage insights from the adjacent field of quantum machine learning (QML), which provides a guide for training quantum circuits with adjustable parameters.
QML concepts and techniques such as `barren plateaus <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_barren_plateaus.html>_`, `quantum-inspired optimization routines <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/qnspsa.html>_`, and `hardware-compatible differentiation methods <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_general_parshift.html>_` have all proved to be relevant for quantum chemistry.
```

> all of which are relevant in quantum chemistry algorithms. 

Author: How about that?

PennyLane for quantum chemistry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PennyLane is an **open-source software framework built around the concept of quantum differentiable programming**. 
Within PennyLane, the quantum chemistry module gives users the power to implement and develop state-of-the-art 
quantum chemistry algorithms.

To find out more, visit the `PennyLane Documentation <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io>`_, or
check out the gallery of hands-on :doc:`quantum chemistry demonstrations <demonstrations>`.

> .. figure:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Reviewer 5: I have a chemistry (not properly qchem but close enough?) illustration backlog!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/196543659-7f457b09-5c0f-47af-8f57-c1ce77cf8ca7.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/196543681-699cf448-e0dd-4eea-964a-0870ac909392.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/196543697-aa6a7871-d4db-4ce4-b431-73f1262f4328.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/196543719-c40d32bf-2ae9-41f2-b976-75d285fcdb98.png)

Feel free to use whatever where-ever :)

> .. figure:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Reviewer 4: Thanks @josh146 !

> .. figure:: /_static/whatisqchem/???.png

Author: Lol @branedrane

Richard Feynman famously said that "Nature isn't classical, dammit, and if you want to make a simulation of nature, you'd better make it quantum mechanical." To simulate a general quantum system on a classical computer, the available resources need to *scale exponentially* with the size of the system. Therefore, a classical computer cannot efficiently simulate a general quantum system.

> Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature better than classical computers can, with resources scaling as the size of the target system rather than exponential. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially-costly methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following Feynman's suggestion, we note that **nature is quantum**. This suggests that if our simulation platform is also quantum, we should be able to simulate nature better than classical computers can, with resources scaling as the size of the target system, rather than exponentially. For quantum chemistry, this offers a dramatic improvement on traditional, exponentially-costly methods.
```
